---
title: FAQs with shadow
category: Marketing
paid: false
isActive: false
ltr: {"react":{"jsxTail":[{"label":"App.jsx","code":"export default () => {\n\n    const faqsList = [\n        {\n            q: \"What are some random questions to ask?\",\n            a: \"That's exactly the reason we created this random question generator. There are hundreds of random questions to choose from so you're able to find the perfect random question.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"Do you include common questions?\",\n            a: \"This generator doesn't include most common questions. The thought is that you can come up with common questions on your own so most of the questions in this generator.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"Can I use this for 21 questions?\",\n            a: \"Yes! there are two ways that you can use this question generator depending on what you're after. You can indicate that you want 21 questions generated.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"Are these questions for girls or for boys?\",\n            a: \"The questions in this generator are gender neutral and can be used to ask either male of females (or any other gender the person identifies with).\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"What do you wish you had more talent doing?\",\n            a: \"If you've been searching for a way to get random questions, you've landed on the correct webpage. We created the Random Question Generator to ask you as many random questions as your heart desires.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"What are some random questions to ask?\",\n            a: \"That's exactly the reason we created this random question generator. There are hundreds of random questions to choose from so you're able to find the perfect random question to ask friends.\"\n        }\n    ]\n\n    return (\n        <div className=\"leading-relaxed mt-12 mx-4 md:mx-8\">\n            <div className=\"text-center space-y-3\">\n                <h1 className=\"block text-gray-800 text-3xl font-semibold\">\n                    Frequently Asked Questions\n                </h1>\n                <p className=\"text-gray-500 max-w-lg mx-auto\">\n                    Answered all frequently asked questions. Can’t find the answer you’re looking for? feel free to contact us.\n                </p>\n            </div>\n            <div className=\"relative bg-white rounded-md mt-10 md:max-w-3xl lg:max-w-4xl xl:max-w-5xl sm:mx-auto\" style={{boxShadow: '0px 7px 20px 7px #F1F1F1'}}>\n                <div className=\"grid gap-4 py-8 md:grid-cols-2\">\n                    {\n                        faqsList.map((item, idx) => (\n                            <div className=\"space-y-3 mt-6 px-8\" key={idx}>\n                                <h4 className=\"text-gray-800 text-xl font-semibold \">\n                                    {item.q}\n                                </h4>\n                                <p className=\"text-gray-500\">\n                                    {item.a}\n                                </p>\n                            </div>\n                        ))\n                    }\n                </div>\n                <span className=\"w-0.5 h-full bg-gray-200 m-auto absolute top-0 left-0 right-0 hidden md:block\"></span>\n            </div>\n        </div>\n    )\n}"}],"jsxCss":[{"label":"App.jsx","code":"export default () => {\n\n    const faqsList = [\n        {\n            q: \"What are some random questions to ask?\",\n            a: \"That's exactly the reason we created this random question generator. There are hundreds of random questions to choose from so you're able to find the perfect random question.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"Do you include common questions?\",\n            a: \"This generator doesn't include most common questions. The thought is that you can come up with common questions on your own so most of the questions in this generator.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"Can I use this for 21 questions?\",\n            a: \"Yes! there are two ways that you can use this question generator depending on what you're after. You can indicate that you want 21 questions generated.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"Are these questions for girls or for boys?\",\n            a: \"The questions in this generator are gender neutral and can be used to ask either male of females (or any other gender the person identifies with).\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"What do you wish you had more talent doing?\",\n            a: \"If you've been searching for a way to get random questions, you've landed on the correct webpage. We created the Random Question Generator to ask you as many random questions as your heart desires.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"What are some random questions to ask?\",\n            a: \"That's exactly the reason we created this random question generator. There are hundreds of random questions to choose from so you're able to find the perfect random question to ask friends.\"\n        }\n    ]\n\n    return (\n        <div className=\"faqs-shadow\">\n            <div className=\"faqs-header\">\n                <h1>\n                    Frequently Asked Questions\n                </h1>\n                <p>\n                    Answered all frequently asked questions. Can’t find the answer you’re looking for? feel free to contact us.\n                </p>\n            </div>\n            <div className=\"faqs-container\" style={{boxShadow: '0px 7px 20px 7px #F1F1F1'}}>\n                <div className=\"faqs\">\n                    {\n                        faqsList.map((item, idx) => (\n                            <div className=\"faqs-card\" key={idx}>\n                                <h4>\n                                    {item.q}\n                                </h4>\n                                <p>\n                                    {item.a}\n                                </p>\n                            </div>\n                        ))\n                    }\n                </div>\n                <span className=\"vertical-line\"></span>\n            </div>\n        </div>\n    )\n}"},{"code":".faqs-shadow {\n  line-height: 1.625;\n  margin-top: 3rem;\n  padding: 0 1rem 0 1rem;\n}\n@media (min-width: 640px) {\n  .faqs-shadow {\n    padding: 0 2rem 0 2rem;\n  }\n}\n.faqs-shadow .faqs-header {\n  text-align: center;\n}\n.faqs-shadow .faqs-header > * + * {\n  margin-top: 0.75rem;\n}\n.faqs-shadow .faqs-header h1 {\n  font-size: 1.875rem;\n  line-height: 2.25rem;\n  color: #1f2937;\n  font-weight: 600;\n}\n.faqs-shadow .faqs-header p {\n  color: #6b7280;\n  max-width: 32rem;\n  margin-left: auto;\n  margin-right: auto;\n}\n.faqs-shadow .faqs-container {\n  position: relative;\n  background-color: #FFF;\n  border-radius: 0.375rem;\n  margin-top: 2.5rem;\n}\n@media (min-width: 768px) {\n  .faqs-shadow .faqs-container {\n    max-width: 48rem;\n  }\n}\n@media (min-width: 1024px) {\n  .faqs-shadow .faqs-container {\n    max-width: 56rem;\n  }\n}\n@media (min-width: 1280px) {\n  .faqs-shadow .faqs-container {\n    max-width: 64rem;\n  }\n}\n@media (min-width: 640px) {\n  .faqs-shadow .faqs-container {\n    margin-left: auto;\n    margin-right: auto;\n  }\n}\n.faqs-shadow .faqs-container .faqs {\n  display: grid;\n  gap: 1rem;\n  padding: 2rem 0 2rem 0;\n}\n@media (min-width: 768px) {\n  .faqs-shadow .faqs-container .faqs {\n    grid-template-columns: repeat(2, minmax(0, 1fr));\n  }\n}\n.faqs-shadow .faqs-container .faqs .faqs-card {\n  margin-top: 1.5rem;\n  padding: 0 2rem 0 2rem;\n}\n.faqs-shadow .faqs-container .faqs .faqs-card > * + * {\n  margin-top: 0.75rem;\n}\n.faqs-shadow .faqs-container .faqs .faqs-card h4 {\n  color: #1f2937;\n  font-weight: 600;\n  font-size: 1.25rem;\n  line-height: 1.75rem;\n}\n.faqs-shadow .faqs-container .faqs .faqs-card p {\n  color: #6b7280;\n}\n.faqs-shadow .faqs-container .vertical-line {\n  position: absolute;\n  top: 0;\n  left: 0;\n  right: 0;\n  margin: auto;\n  width: 0.125rem;\n  height: 100%;\n  background-color: #e5e7eb;\n  display: none;\n}\n@media (min-width: 768px) {\n  .faqs-shadow .faqs-container .vertical-line {\n    display: block;\n  }\n}","label":"style.css"}]},"preview":"function App() {\n\n    const faqsList = [\n        {\n            q: \"What are some random questions to ask?\",\n            a: \"That's exactly the reason we created this random question generator. There are hundreds of random questions to choose from so you're able to find the perfect random question.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"Do you include common questions?\",\n            a: \"This generator doesn't include most common questions. The thought is that you can come up with common questions on your own so most of the questions in this generator.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"Can I use this for 21 questions?\",\n            a: \"Yes! there are two ways that you can use this question generator depending on what you're after. You can indicate that you want 21 questions generated.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"Are these questions for girls or for boys?\",\n            a: \"The questions in this generator are gender neutral and can be used to ask either male of females (or any other gender the person identifies with).\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"What do you wish you had more talent doing?\",\n            a: \"If you've been searching for a way to get random questions, you've landed on the correct webpage. We created the Random Question Generator to ask you as many random questions as your heart desires.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"What are some random questions to ask?\",\n            a: \"That's exactly the reason we created this random question generator. There are hundreds of random questions to choose from so you're able to find the perfect random question to ask friends.\"\n        }\n    ]\n\n    return (\n        <div className=\"leading-relaxed py-12 mx-4 md:mx-8\">\n            <div className=\"text-center space-y-3\">\n                <h1 className=\"block text-gray-800 text-3xl font-semibold\">\n                    Frequently Asked Questions\n                </h1>\n                <p className=\"text-gray-500 max-w-lg mx-auto\">\n                    Answered all frequently asked questions. Can’t find the answer you’re looking for? feel free to contact us.\n                </p>\n            </div>\n            <div className=\"relative bg-white rounded-md mt-10 md:max-w-3xl lg:max-w-4xl xl:max-w-5xl sm:mx-auto\" style={{boxShadow: '0px 7px 20px 7px #F1F1F1'}}>\n                <div className=\"grid gap-4 py-8 md:grid-cols-2\">\n                    {\n                        faqsList.map((item, idx) => (\n                            <div className=\"space-y-3 mt-6 px-8\" key={idx}>\n                                <h4 className=\"text-gray-800 text-xl font-semibold \">\n                                    {item.q}\n                                </h4>\n                                <p className=\"text-gray-500\">\n                                    {item.a}\n                                </p>\n                            </div>\n                        ))\n                    }\n                </div>\n                <span className=\"w-0.5 h-full bg-gray-200 m-auto absolute top-0 left-0 right-0 hidden md:block\"></span>\n            </div>\n        </div>\n    )\n}","vue":{"vueCss":[{"label":"App.vue","code":"<template>\n  <div class=\"faqs-shadow\">\n    <div class=\"faqs-header\">\n      <h1>\n        Frequently Asked Questions\n      </h1>\n      <p>\n        Answered all frequently asked questions. Can’t find the answer you’re looking for? feel free to contact us.\n      </p>\n    </div>\n    <div class=\"faqs-container\" style=\"box-shadow: 0px 7px 20px 7px #F1F1F1\">\n      <div class=\"faqs\">\n        <div v-for=\"item in faqsList\" :key=\"item.id\" class=\"faqs-card\">\n          <h4>\n            {{ item.q }}\n          </h4>\n          <p>\n            {{ item.a }}\n          </p>\n        </div>\n      </div>\n      <span class=\"vertical-line\"></span>\n    </div>\n  </div>\n</template>\n\n<script>\nexport default {\n  data: function () {\n    return {\n      faqsList: [\n        {\n          q: \"What are some random questions to ask?\",\n          a: \"That's exactly the reason we created this random question generator. There are hundreds of random questions to choose from so you're able to find the perfect random question.\"\n        },\n        {\n          q: \"Do you include common questions?\",\n          a: \"This generator doesn't include most common questions. The thought is that you can come up with common questions on your own so most of the questions in this generator.\"\n        },\n        {\n          q: \"Can I use this for 21 questions?\",\n          a: \"Yes! there are two ways that you can use this question generator depending on what you're after. You can indicate that you want 21 questions generated.\"\n        },\n        {\n          q: \"Are these questions for girls or for boys?\",\n          a: \"The questions in this generator are gender neutral and can be used to ask either male of females (or any other gender the person identifies with).\"\n        },\n        {\n          q: \"What do you wish you had more talent doing?\",\n          a: \"If you've been searching for a way to get random questions, you've landed on the correct webpage. We created the Random Question Generator to ask you as many random questions as your heart desires.\"\n        },\n        {\n          q: \"What are some random questions to ask?\",\n          a: \"That's exactly the reason we created this random question generator. There are hundreds of random questions to choose from so you're able to find the perfect random question to ask friends.\"\n        }\n      ]\n\n    }\n  },\n}\n</script>"},{"label":"style.css","code":".faqs-shadow {\n  line-height: 1.625;\n  margin-top: 3rem;\n  padding: 0 1rem 0 1rem;\n}\n\n@media (min-width: 640px) {\n  .faqs-shadow {\n    padding: 0 2rem 0 2rem;\n  }\n}\n\n.faqs-shadow .faqs-header {\n  text-align: center;\n}\n\n.faqs-shadow .faqs-header>*+* {\n  margin-top: 0.75rem;\n}\n\n.faqs-shadow .faqs-header h1 {\n  font-size: 1.875rem;\n  line-height: 2.25rem;\n  color: #1f2937;\n  font-weight: 600;\n}\n\n.faqs-shadow .faqs-header p {\n  color: #6b7280;\n  max-width: 32rem;\n  margin-left: auto;\n  margin-right: auto;\n}\n\n.faqs-shadow .faqs-container {\n  position: relative;\n  background-color: #FFF;\n  border-radius: 0.375rem;\n  margin-top: 2.5rem;\n}\n\n@media (min-width: 768px) {\n  .faqs-shadow .faqs-container {\n    max-width: 48rem;\n  }\n}\n\n@media (min-width: 1024px) {\n  .faqs-shadow .faqs-container {\n    max-width: 56rem;\n  }\n}\n\n@media (min-width: 1280px) {\n  .faqs-shadow .faqs-container {\n    max-width: 64rem;\n  }\n}\n\n@media (min-width: 640px) {\n  .faqs-shadow .faqs-container {\n    margin-left: auto;\n    margin-right: auto;\n  }\n}\n\n.faqs-shadow .faqs-container .faqs {\n  display: grid;\n  gap: 1rem;\n  padding: 2rem 0 2rem 0;\n}\n\n@media (min-width: 768px) {\n  .faqs-shadow .faqs-container .faqs {\n    grid-template-columns: repeat(2, minmax(0, 1fr));\n  }\n}\n\n.faqs-shadow .faqs-container .faqs .faqs-card {\n  margin-top: 1.5rem;\n  padding: 0 2rem 0 2rem;\n}\n\n.faqs-shadow .faqs-container .faqs .faqs-card>*+* {\n  margin-top: 0.75rem;\n}\n\n.faqs-shadow .faqs-container .faqs .faqs-card h4 {\n  color: #1f2937;\n  font-weight: 600;\n  font-size: 1.25rem;\n  line-height: 1.75rem;\n}\n\n.faqs-shadow .faqs-container .faqs .faqs-card p {\n  color: #6b7280;\n}\n\n.faqs-shadow .faqs-container .vertical-line {\n  position: absolute;\n  top: 0;\n  left: 0;\n  right: 0;\n  margin: auto;\n  width: 0.125rem;\n  height: 100%;\n  background-color: #e5e7eb;\n  display: none;\n}\n\n@media (min-width: 768px) {\n  .faqs-shadow .faqs-container .vertical-line {\n    display: block;\n  }\n}"}],"vueTail":[{"label":"App.vue","code":"<template>\n  <div class=\"leading-relaxed mt-12 mx-4 sm:mx-8\">\n    <div class=\"text-center space-y-3\">\n      <h1 class=\"block text-gray-800 text-3xl font-semibold\">\n        Frequently Asked Questions\n      </h1>\n      <p class=\"text-gray-500 max-w-lg mx-auto\">\n        Answered all frequently asked questions. Can’t find the answer you’re looking for? feel free to contact us.\n      </p>\n    </div>\n    <div class=\"relative bg-white rounded-md mt-10 md:max-w-3xl lg:max-w-4xl xl:max-w-5xl sm:mx-auto\"\n      style=\"box-shadow: 0px 7px 20px 7px #F1F1F1\">\n      <div class=\"grid gap-4 py-8 md:grid-cols-2\">\n        <div v-for=\"item in faqsList\" :key=\"item.id\" class=\"space-y-3 mt-6 px-8\">\n          <h4 class=\"text-gray-800 text-xl font-semibold \">\n            {{item.q}}\n          </h4>\n          <p class=\"text-gray-500\">\n            {{item.a}}\n          </p>\n        </div>\n      </div>\n      <span class=\"w-0.5 h-full bg-gray-200 m-auto absolute top-0 left-0 right-0 hidden md:block\"></span>\n    </div>\n  </div>\n</template>\n\n<script>\nexport default {\n  data: function () {\n    return {\n      faqsList: [\n        {\n          q: \"What are some random questions to ask?\",\n          a: \"That's exactly the reason we created this random question generator. There are hundreds of random questions to choose from so you're able to find the perfect random question.\"\n        },\n        {\n          q: \"Do you include common questions?\",\n          a: \"This generator doesn't include most common questions. The thought is that you can come up with common questions on your own so most of the questions in this generator.\"\n        },\n        {\n          q: \"Can I use this for 21 questions?\",\n          a: \"Yes! there are two ways that you can use this question generator depending on what you're after. You can indicate that you want 21 questions generated.\"\n        },\n        {\n          q: \"Are these questions for girls or for boys?\",\n          a: \"The questions in this generator are gender neutral and can be used to ask either male of females (or any other gender the person identifies with).\"\n        },\n        {\n          q: \"What do you wish you had more talent doing?\",\n          a: \"If you've been searching for a way to get random questions, you've landed on the correct webpage. We created the Random Question Generator to ask you as many random questions as your heart desires.\"\n        },\n        {\n          q: \"What are some random questions to ask?\",\n          a: \"That's exactly the reason we created this random question generator. There are hundreds of random questions to choose from so you're able to find the perfect random question to ask friends.\"\n        }\n      ]\n\n    }\n  },\n}\n</script>"}]}}
rtl: {"vue":{"vueTail":[],"vueCss":[]},"react":{"jsxTail":[{"code":"export default () => {\n\n    const faqsList = [\n        {\n            q: \"ما هي بعض الأسئلة العشوائية التي يجب طرحها؟\",\n            a: \"هذا هو بالضبط سبب إنشاء مولد الأسئلة العشوائية هذا. هناك المئات من الأسئلة العشوائية للاختيار من بينها حتى تتمكن من العثور على السؤال العشوائي المثالي.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"هل تقوم بتضمين أسئلة شائعة؟\",\n            a: \"لا يتضمن هذا المولد الأسئلة الأكثر شيوعًا. الفكرة هي أنه يمكنك طرح أسئلة شائعة بمفردك ، لذا فإن معظم الأسئلة في هذا المولد.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"هل يمكنني استخدام هذا لـ 21 سؤالاً؟\",\n            a: \"نعم! هناك طريقتان يمكنك من خلالهما استخدام منشئ الأسئلة هذا بناءً على ما تبحث عنه. يمكنك الإشارة إلى أنك تريد إنشاء 21 سؤالاً.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"هل هذه الأسئلة للبنات أم للفتيان؟\",\n            a: \"الأسئلة في هذا المولد محايدة بين الجنسين ويمكن استخدامها لسؤال أي ذكر من الإناث (أو أي جنس آخر يحدده الشخص).\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"ما هي بعض الأسئلة العشوائية التي يجب طرحها؟\",\n            a: \"هذا هو بالضبط سبب إنشاء مولد الأسئلة العشوائية هذا. هناك المئات من الأسئلة العشوائية للاختيار من بينها حتى تتمكن من العثور على السؤال العشوائي المثالي لطرحه على الأصدقاء.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"ماذا تتمنى لو كان لديك المزيد من المواهب تفعل؟\",\n            a: \"إذا كنت تبحث عن طريقة للحصول على أسئلة عشوائية ، فقد وصلت إلى صفحة الويب الصحيحة. لقد أنشأنا منشئ الأسئلة العشوائية ليطرح عليك أكبر عدد من الأسئلة العشوائية التي يرغبها قلبك.\"\n        }\n    ]\n\n    return (\n        <div className=\"leading-relaxed py-12 mx-4 md:mx-8\">\n            <div className=\"text-center space-y-3\">\n                <h1 className=\"block text-gray-800 text-3xl font-semibold\">\n                    أسئلة متكررة\n                </h1>\n                <p className=\"text-gray-500 max-w-lg mx-auto\">\n                    أجاب على جميع الأسئلة المتداولة، هل ما زلت مرتبكًا؟ لا تتردد في الاتصال بنا.\n                </p>\n            </div>\n            <div className=\"relative bg-white rounded-md mt-10 md:max-w-3xl lg:max-w-4xl xl:max-w-5xl sm:mx-auto\" style={{boxShadow: '0px 7px 20px 7px #F1F1F1'}}>\n                <div className=\"grid gap-4 py-8 md:grid-cols-2\">\n                    {\n                        faqsList.map((item, idx) => (\n                            <div className=\"space-y-3 mt-6 px-8\" key={idx}>\n                                <h4 className=\"text-gray-800 text-xl font-semibold \">\n                                    {item.q}\n                                </h4>\n                                <p className=\"text-gray-500\">\n                                    {item.a}\n                                </p>\n                            </div>\n                        ))\n                    }\n                </div>\n                <span className=\"w-0.5 h-full bg-gray-200 m-auto absolute top-0 left-0 right-0 hidden md:block\"></span>\n            </div>\n        </div>\n    )\n}","label":"App.jsx"}],"jsxCss":[{"code":"export default () => {\n\n    const faqsList = [\n        {\n            q: \"ما هي بعض الأسئلة العشوائية التي يجب طرحها؟\",\n            a: \"هذا هو بالضبط سبب إنشاء مولد الأسئلة العشوائية هذا. هناك المئات من الأسئلة العشوائية للاختيار من بينها حتى تتمكن من العثور على السؤال العشوائي المثالي.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"هل تقوم بتضمين أسئلة شائعة؟\",\n            a: \"لا يتضمن هذا المولد الأسئلة الأكثر شيوعًا. الفكرة هي أنه يمكنك طرح أسئلة شائعة بمفردك ، لذا فإن معظم الأسئلة في هذا المولد.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"هل يمكنني استخدام هذا لـ 21 سؤالاً؟\",\n            a: \"نعم! هناك طريقتان يمكنك من خلالهما استخدام منشئ الأسئلة هذا بناءً على ما تبحث عنه. يمكنك الإشارة إلى أنك تريد إنشاء 21 سؤالاً.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"هل هذه الأسئلة للبنات أم للفتيان؟\",\n            a: \"الأسئلة في هذا المولد محايدة بين الجنسين ويمكن استخدامها لسؤال أي ذكر من الإناث (أو أي جنس آخر يحدده الشخص).\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"ما هي بعض الأسئلة العشوائية التي يجب طرحها؟\",\n            a: \"هذا هو بالضبط سبب إنشاء مولد الأسئلة العشوائية هذا. هناك المئات من الأسئلة العشوائية للاختيار من بينها حتى تتمكن من العثور على السؤال العشوائي المثالي لطرحه على الأصدقاء.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"ماذا تتمنى لو كان لديك المزيد من المواهب تفعل؟\",\n            a: \"إذا كنت تبحث عن طريقة للحصول على أسئلة عشوائية ، فقد وصلت إلى صفحة الويب الصحيحة. لقد أنشأنا منشئ الأسئلة العشوائية ليطرح عليك أكبر عدد من الأسئلة العشوائية التي يرغبها قلبك.\"\n        }\n    ]\n\n    return (\n        <div className=\"faqs-shadow\">\n            <div className=\"faqs-header\">\n                <h1>\n                    أسئلة متكررة\n                </h1>\n                <p>\n                    أجاب على جميع الأسئلة المتداولة، هل ما زلت مرتبكًا؟ لا تتردد في الاتصال بنا.\n                </p>\n            </div>\n            <div className=\"faqs-container\" style={{boxShadow: '0px 7px 20px 7px #F1F1F1'}}>\n                <div className=\"faqs\">\n                    {\n                        faqsList.map((item, idx) => (\n                            <div className=\"faqs-card\" key={idx}>\n                                <h4>\n                                    {item.q}\n                                </h4>\n                                <p>\n                                    {item.a}\n                                </p>\n                            </div>\n                        ))\n                    }\n                </div>\n                <span className=\"vertical-line\"></span>\n            </div>\n        </div>\n    )\n}","label":"App.jsx"},{"code":".faqs-primary {\n  line-height: 1.625;\n  max-width: 1280px;\n  margin: 3rem auto 0 auto;\n  padding: 0 1rem 0 1rem;\n}\n@media (min-width: 1024px) {\n  .faqs-primary {\n    padding: 0 2rem 0 2rem;\n  }\n}\n.faqs-primary .faqs-header {\n  text-align: center;\n}\n.faqs-primary .faqs-header > * + * {\n  margin-top: 0.75rem;\n}\n.faqs-primary .faqs-header h1 {\n  font-size: 1.875rem;\n  line-height: 2.25rem;\n  color: #1f2937;\n  font-weight: 600;\n}\n.faqs-primary .faqs-header p {\n  max-width: 32rem;\n  font-size: 1.125rem;\n  line-height: 1.75rem;\n  color: #4b5563;\n  margin-left: auto;\n  margin-right: auto;\n}\n.faqs-primary .faqs-container {\n  margin-top: 3.5rem;\n  gap: 1rem;\n}\n@media (min-width: 640px) {\n  .faqs-primary .faqs-container {\n    display: grid;\n    grid-template-columns: repeat(2, minmax(0, 1fr));\n  }\n}\n@media (min-width: 1024px) {\n  .faqs-primary .faqs-container {\n    grid-template-columns: repeat(3, minmax(0, 1fr));\n  }\n}\n.faqs-primary .faqs-container .faqs-card {\n  margin-top: 1.25rem;\n}\n.faqs-primary .faqs-container .faqs-card > * + * {\n  margin-top: 0.75rem;\n}\n.faqs-primary .faqs-container .faqs-card h4 {\n  color: #374151;\n  font-size: 1.25rem;\n  line-height: 1.75rem;\n  font-weight: 500;\n}\n.faqs-primary .faqs-container .faqs-card p {\n  color: #6b7280;\n}","label":"style.css"}]},"preview":"function App() {\n\n    const faqsList = [\n        {\n            q: \"ما هي بعض الأسئلة العشوائية التي يجب طرحها؟\",\n            a: \"هذا هو بالضبط سبب إنشاء مولد الأسئلة العشوائية هذا. هناك المئات من الأسئلة العشوائية للاختيار من بينها حتى تتمكن من العثور على السؤال العشوائي المثالي.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"هل تقوم بتضمين أسئلة شائعة؟\",\n            a: \"لا يتضمن هذا المولد الأسئلة الأكثر شيوعًا. الفكرة هي أنه يمكنك طرح أسئلة شائعة بمفردك ، لذا فإن معظم الأسئلة في هذا المولد.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"هل يمكنني استخدام هذا لـ 21 سؤالاً؟\",\n            a: \"نعم! هناك طريقتان يمكنك من خلالهما استخدام منشئ الأسئلة هذا بناءً على ما تبحث عنه. يمكنك الإشارة إلى أنك تريد إنشاء 21 سؤالاً.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"هل هذه الأسئلة للبنات أم للفتيان؟\",\n            a: \"الأسئلة في هذا المولد محايدة بين الجنسين ويمكن استخدامها لسؤال أي ذكر من الإناث (أو أي جنس آخر يحدده الشخص).\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"ما هي بعض الأسئلة العشوائية التي يجب طرحها؟\",\n            a: \"هذا هو بالضبط سبب إنشاء مولد الأسئلة العشوائية هذا. هناك المئات من الأسئلة العشوائية للاختيار من بينها حتى تتمكن من العثور على السؤال العشوائي المثالي لطرحه على الأصدقاء.\"\n        },\n        {\n            q: \"ماذا تتمنى لو كان لديك المزيد من المواهب تفعل؟\",\n            a: \"إذا كنت تبحث عن طريقة للحصول على أسئلة عشوائية ، فقد وصلت إلى صفحة الويب الصحيحة. لقد أنشأنا منشئ الأسئلة العشوائية ليطرح عليك أكبر عدد من الأسئلة العشوائية التي يرغبها قلبك.\"\n        }\n    ]\n\n    return (\n        <div className=\"leading-relaxed py-12 mx-4 md:mx-8\">\n            <div className=\"text-center space-y-3\">\n                <h1 className=\"block text-gray-800 text-3xl font-semibold\">\n                    أسئلة مكررة\n                </h1>\n                <p className=\"text-gray-500 max-w-lg mx-auto\">\n                    أجاب على جميع الأسئلة المتداولة، هل ما زلت مرتبكًا؟ لا تتردد في الاتصال بنا.\n                </p>\n            </div>\n            <div className=\"relative bg-white rounded-md mt-10 md:max-w-3xl lg:max-w-4xl xl:max-w-5xl sm:mx-auto\" style={{boxShadow: '0px 7px 20px 7px #F1F1F1'}}>\n                <div className=\"grid gap-4 py-8 md:grid-cols-2\">\n                    {\n                        faqsList.map((item, idx) => (\n                            <div className=\"space-y-3 mt-6 px-8\" key={idx}>\n                                <h4 className=\"text-gray-800 text-xl font-semibold \">\n                                    {item.q}\n                                </h4>\n                                <p className=\"text-gray-500\">\n                                    {item.a}\n                                </p>\n                            </div>\n                        ))\n                    }\n                </div>\n                <span className=\"w-0.5 h-full bg-gray-200 m-auto absolute top-0 left-0 right-0 hidden md:block\"></span>\n            </div>\n        </div>\n    )\n}"}
slug: /faqs
id: 6e1ff731-b8df-4b2c-9726-9a15d33ef2b1
created_at: 3
---